The question was in left to the wrong, the third day of November, we received no pass during
that month.
Is that correct?
Yes.
That's great, James.
Of all that month, they can say it.
Yes.
Nothing disrupted about that.
All right, let's take the month to be remembered.
Again, with the first day of the month and go down to the 19th.
There's the other private in the camp, so they're inside of the room and the private is
doing that time.
Most of them.
They got no passes during that time.
Then, so, is that right?
The typical private got in the heart, or I thought I was calling out if it's so private.
What do you mean with this private?
I just didn't want to give an answer that was indicated.
There was no one on task during that month.
I will take a picture from 11.30, then let's go down.
There's no one on the board, they have no members.
They're the ones.
We'll call them all.
Just to make that work.
Access one.
Is that what you're talking about?
Yes, I told them on the spot.
It's not typical.
She gave it a shot.
All right, then.
It's all about all others who have been in the dark in all the third of November.
Did you use any summer like those suggested things?
Since you've been caught in the air.
What summer, what mark would you face?
Or any day from the first of December down to the 19th of December?
That's not now there.
No.
So down to the 19th of December then there's not the map.
Is that correct?
Yes.
All right.
Using every suggestion that's been made to you, there's nothing that would have belonged
or any day from the third day of November down to the 18th, including the 18th day of December.
Yes.
They still remain as they are.
So the only conclusion of either this is from the 19th day of December when you thought,
or out on one map, all in black was black, and on the other chart you sent the show
that in white was black, right?
Is that the only difference?
In white.
In white, white.
So, and it's like a slam by the black board.
So, I'm about black board.
So whatever confusion there is, if the reasoning is must combine it from the 19th day of December down to the 16th day of January.
Yes.
The 19th region of the West Bank.
That's right.
I thought.
Before the next anniversary starts, the question, Colonel Murray, let us return to our studio to cut the company to permit our station.
Colonel Murray, it's not a happy late-day black mark song.
This is ABC Television Network.
After the dollar, failed right by Hammer.
It's almost a ginger ginger ale.
Ask your dear, all right, beverages by Hammer, Brooklyn 8th.
New York.
Well, I've just went through to you.
According to that, my comment, I think I took only the last two months because of the fact that General Ryan testified that there should be changes made in November.
I didn't know what in future to be about that.
However, and the pattern that's all I knew.
Colonel Murray, did I only say to you that you made just one report the second shot by the typical bomb.
So, what about the...
You made it in the hurry and presented it to the committee, was it?
In my position, I've been charged with getting the Army witnesses ready when Mr. Jenkins wants them.
General Ryan made three trips to Washington to testify on this subject before he was called as a witness.
That isn't his fault, and I don't think it's mine.
I think it's just the way the hearings have been going.
But when he came here for the first time, I had to have this ready.
That was when the first year was on.
Now, I took a fan and we had it here at that time, and I've been bringing it in and out of this committee room every day since the first day of it.
We were ready to take General Ryan.
That we were on the first year when I prepared it.
Yes, the game as a thought, it wasn't an original thought with me, it was still free of talking.
We decided we ought to have a yardstick to compare it with, and I ordered another shot.
Did I understand you that by the reason there's a difference in the symbol that one is black,
or lighting on the white, and the other will start on black,
is the fact that if you had made this second shot, the symbol is black,
or would it take longer to grind, or foldable lighting, because that's the best time.
That was the way I remember it.
I asked that the chopper he prepared to make another one exactly like this one,
with the passes of the average trainee.
I gave those instructions to chop them full on, and as I left it like he came back to me and he said,
we want the able to have it ready in the time we needed.
I believe that we had only one night to work on it.
He says, we won't have it ready if you want it that way.
As well, do the best you can. We've got to have it ready.
I've given many an order like that, and it's usually been tied up.
In a fair liquor, or you move that canary at the time,
that there was a difference that one was black, and the type,
or I didn't the other one was black, but black.
Do you recognize that?
I remember that they told me they couldn't make it exactly alike.
I said, well, it should be as narrow-like as possible, but do the best you can.
And then I didn't see the shot again until it was prepared,
and I had to bring it over here that first morning.
That's all.
I'm sorry I'd like to pursue a little with you.
The conversation behind some of the other officers here
is going to do when the Army is on the first of July in 1937.
1937. How old were you? How was 18?
I see you've got quite a few battles there, and I'll leave you an emergency.
Is that correct?
I have two battles to ask for a European campaign.
Now, I thought you had a court below.
They're pinned here.
My boy said, I think it's unfortunate that it isn't used as black color
on five of the shine and a five color for the other way around.
But the world has seen you come into this picture,
and I came to vote for that from what your decimal is.
As I understand it, you only produce one large chart that exists here.
I brought both of the charts here.
Only one chart was here.
One chart, the shine chart was on top of the other chart.
Both of them work here, and I go up an inch.
Now, you gave the committee members copies of both charts.
Yes, I did.
And if anybody was to see you by not reading both charts,
their deceptions would be largely eliminated if they hadn't read the charts.
That's the way you did in my opinion, yes.
Because all the facts were on both charts,
although the colors were unfortunate.
Yes, their full charts were produced for the television audience.
Then the colors themselves might have been deceptive.
Yes, but that was not your intention as you put them in.
Is that correct?
No.
Now, I just want to get that straight.
I think you can make a mistake, but a mistake in the seat,
especially from an officer in the Army, or two different things.
I noticed today that you happen to see in the paper
that there are a lot of vacancies for West Point.
I've seen reports on that.
Yes.
No more questions, Mr. Chairman.
Let's hope you want to stop the color of them, though,
so that you're left with more levels.
We have an over-to-flyers' application to end point and stop the color.
I don't like that stuff to be stopped.
I don't like that stuff.
I don't like the state of the Army that we don't have to say
if it was going to give us that position 40 on.
Well, as many good things are thought to go, we've got to be.
So far, it's about to be under the light.
It's a welcome, Mr. Timber.
Nothing.
I'm in the taxi, Mr. Home Arts.
Mr. Chairman, the senator.
I'm not going to get some very open-air lights on.
I'm going to get some of the questions.
Any time, sir.
So, why don't we just all like that a week?
We'll read these legend on these two shots here.
They could be known as the section.
Is that right, sir?
Yes.
So, even if I said the legend itself on the Shining Shot
is the set of...
It's not in my opinion, sir.
Well, sir, sir, if I might direct your attention
to the Shining Shot, it says,
the record of absences and messages.
And tell a call message to the commanding general,
9th and 3rd of the division.
While it's time to 4th week's New Jersey,
I will then direct your attention to Black March
for the day Tuesday the 3rd, Wednesday the 4th, Thursday the 5th,
Friday the 6th, Saturday the 7th,
Sunday the 8th and Monday the 9th.
And ask your whether or not on those days,
Shining was absent from 4th 6th.
Only legend is served while assigned the 4th 6th New Jersey
for the period through November 19th, 1953 to 16th January, 1964.
Any other pilot in Black for the 4th time,
Black, New York, on the 4th November, once a 4th 6th,
pilot Shining was absent from 4th 6th at that time.
I think it's time for the according to your testimony on November 19th.
I do not know whether he was assigned the 4th 6th at that time,
but I do believe that the information that was prepared
has been accurately checked.
And I think what presents where he should have been assignment at 4th 6th.
So is it not a fact that he was not assigned the 4th 6th and isn't so indicated
on your own shot until the 10th of November,
and that from the 3rd to the 10th,
he was not absent from 4th 6th,
but was on temporary duty attached to first Army headquarters in New York.
What temporary duty is a manner of assigning the person
to counting for while he's out of particular device
so that he can get quarters and rations and be paid for that period.
I am not a competent witness to determine
just how shine was what the arrangements were at the time shine was inducted.
I don't know, well, if I'm not wavering the point, Colonel,
would you agree with me that are showing when not assigned
to 4th 6th until the 10th of November that fits the legend
on this chart which has been submitted is inaccurate?
No, sir, I would not.
You think that even if he were not assigned to 4th 6th,
by the November 10th,
we should have black marks for 12345 6th,
7 days indicating absence from 4th 6th when he was not in fact assigned it.
As a chart showing his absence is from the date of induction
and while assigned as a typical trainee
would have gone direct to Dix,
shine did not, I believe it does accurately portray that fact.
So the thing that's publicly as it does,
it doesn't say what he says,
it says while assigned to 4th 6th New Jersey.
Now, isn't this the fact that he was not assigned to 4th 6th New Jersey?
You can't just tell my life from your own chart.
I can read the chart and it says while assigned to 4th 6th for the period,
3 November 53 to 16 January 54.
Well, that's not going to go back and forth,
but I would suggest that you look at the date of an attempt he would chime,
and if you would check the record,
you would find that no assignment to 4th 6th was made until the 10th November.
And it's hardly likely that he could have been absent from a place
where he has not been assigned for the 5th 7th day.
Well, I think that on a technical little point like that,
I think that the chart is still accurate because I don't know how this was originally prepared,
I testified to that, but we have three lines.
We think private key goes in shine on the first.
Then we have a two line block that says record of absent,
and telephone messages.
The commanding general might make a reservation while assigned to 4th 6th.
Then we have a third method of describing the thing.
4th a period.
Why did they intend to have that 4th a period?
The connection with 4th 6th with a prior mine or not?
I don't know.
It would seem unlikely because there's a space there.
I'm making wrong, but that's my feeling about it now.
I'm going to ask you a question, William.
Yes.
The first is you, apparently, you've heard of the three reasons
for using the black mark on the shine set and the white spaces on the average training set
or because it takes you so long to drive at a difficulty using the same type of symbols
and both of them, misunderstanding.
Yes, sir.
I said that I can recall it.
When we had to get the chart up initially, we had a very short time schedule.
I said prepare a chart very much like shine for the record of a typical accent tape.
I gave our instructions and I recall the all-time ticket to the question.
Was it what did you use?
The pure white sheets for the average inductee and the black person because of the length of time that it took you to drive.
That was the reason I guess that it was you, sir.
I didn't make that decision myself.
But it was because of the length of time that it took you to drive.
So I had been told.
And I have, between me and the young man who has been doing much drafting for us, he tells me it takes about 10 minutes for the incident to drive.
If it takes 10 minutes for the incident to drive, it seems that it's hardly a valid excuse for this type of,
but I call it a 20 chart.
Do we have a different description of it?
Do you know what it only takes about 10 minutes for the incident to drive?
Also, I don't know how long we're taking for drive.
Now, what can you ask you of this?
As far as the information is concerned, the information for the people of Pentagon, you don't need a chart.
The chart was prepared for the withdrawal of the total purposes, for television, for trade as to the public or the committee.
Well, I believe that that was part of the reason.
Yes.
Well, it was filmed, and normally, we'd use the same type of symbols to show the absence of the average trainee,
as we would use to show the absence of chance.
If you want this merely for, or it's the total benefit,
do you think this is purely active, therefore, as you have a purified seat for the average trainee?
And this black belt seat for shane?
Well, I don't believe it's a pure white seat, nor was it when it was presented,
and it wasn't active at all.
It was probably a deliberate attempt on the part of the man that did it to get to my instructions compiled with,
in the time that I gave him.
And if you look to him, you even know what it's going to be used for.
It's a little bit different, as to the modern.
And it looks like the most deliberate attempt that I have seen here for some time,
the most deliberate attempt ever before our committee, to create a deceptive pony chart.
I think the no-reason probably wouldn't black out the average trainee,
absolutely, the payment to blackout trains.
I assume you perhaps would not be responsible.
Most of our difficulty so far is not that there's one in uniform,
but with the civilian politicians over in the Pentagon.
Now, I claim that you say that the Mr. Cardone and Mr. Wood were in charge of it.
Are they uniform, or are they civilian?
I've never seen either of them.
Mr. Wood is a draftman. He was below me and the chain you might say.
He took instructions that I gave.
Mr. Copeland was a civilian, who I have never seen, but I understand he was involved in me,
and I accepted something that he had heard prepared.
No, Colonel, you were not, you personally are not responsible, are you?
Well, I mean, I am a person.
You personally are not responsible, are you?
For using a different type of symbol,
I am a child from the charge of the average trainee.
I believe I am more responsible than any other living person.
All right. We're good.
I'm not going to get this down. Can you both eat over?
You personally have ordered a drink.
The plate charge for the average trainee, the black child for a child.
I brought them over in that fashion.
How many comforts are there prepared in here?
One original of each of the large charts and 200 prints of each of the small charts.
The external footprints.
I inquired about that during the lunch hour, and I understand that the cost of the $450
or $200, and the rest of the makes the cost of the large charts of $6,75
since each of 1350 for a total expenditure of $213.50.
This term, you mentioned a good question. The question was handed to the press.
You were talking about the cost. I did mention it.
I thought he said, you know, I answered that question, it's an exception, but the term is handed.
I thought you mentioned a good question, and the question.
I did hand those out to the press because I had learned a little by experience here.
The first day when we entered an exhibit, I had the press asked me for copies.
We only had two or three, and I had to go back and get 150 of them run off from the press.
I had tried to make the needs of the committee. I'm a press.
Mr. Council, do you have any other questions?
The chair has met at this time, Senator McGillen.
I'm going to send this to my right. To my left.
I said, well, shall we send this to the press?
We can clear.
I have only one question, and I will not be talking about the current situation here.
The shirt is present. I was a private question, and I think it is not a fact that G-Day
and China wasn't signed before this or more of a certain basis on November, 1954.
I see an entry in a form I recognize as a service record form with states of company A1299,
ASU, reception station, board section, and journey.
A sign from three November 1953 to 22 November 1953.
So that it follows that the legend at the top of the first column, China.
China, is that here? Is that correct?
Yes, sir.
It's in the collection.
And I'm going to try to get it to the conference.
I'm telling you, Mr. General, I'm quite interested in this.
I'm going to say that on this one shirt, which you admit was not for the information of anyone in the department,
not for the information with the committee, because all the testimony covering this could be presented all the way.
You sign $200.
The tax fair is money for publicity for the military.
And I have to put out these only shirts.
Now, who authorized the June colonel to spend $200.
Any $200, men up to much, with spending billions, for the way that the June colonel is up to when they get to the billion.
Who authorized you to do this?
$200 is a lot of money, sir.
And I recognize as well as you do.
I have a certain general authority in the Pentagon working where I am in the handling of this case.
And I felt that this was a need that was apparent from the testimony, from the exhibits that we had,
and the way the things have been going through the floor, and I authorized the expenditure on my own.
Now, which more have you authorized, Colonel, for public relations or for the listening?
I can't say that I have ever authorized anything for public relations or for the listening, sir.
How many public relations, information, and interviews, do you have working on this?
I have no public relations or information, men working on the niece, sir.
How many, the Mr. Stevens, Mr. Adams, are going to connect with this?
The show is now available to me, man.
I do not know, sir.
Do you know them, Eddie?
I presume there is a chief of information in the Pentagon who has a function, but I do not know,
the technical scope of this case.
Let me ask you that.
I have a manual available, so I think.
You are back around in the case.
I have a manual, but you are putting it so you can.
In fact, I couldn't be learning to criticize about you as a soldier.
I think you are taking a wrap here today.
There is a true criminal that this was not thought up by you,
but there are about upwards of 50 public living in research men, public relations,
and so much in range.
Working over the Pentagon every day on this sort of freedom, this was not your idea.
In my case, I have concluded that I didn't design it up prepared.
On the second chart, the one that you did not point to, I asked you how a second chart prepared
is very much like the first one.
Could you get the first chart?
Isn't that it?
I thought the first one chart before.
There was an earlier chart, yes, which I do not know where it is now.
I do not know if it will be long for this.
It may still be available, so I am not sure of that.
We will check.
Did you find out and bring it along the way?
Yes.
If it is available, yes.
I have concluded who made the criminalization to have a different symbol on the sign,
and it is from the other chart.
I can only guess that a draftsman charged with a responsibility of how to put it in the
frame of the law.
I tried to call Mr. Jones just towards the draftsman, and he is on active duty right now.
He is up in New York somewhere.
I called his office at lunch time.
I was told to be able to work while at the top of anyone else on such a point.
But he can be made available with the committee request, am I?
You may not think of worthwhile thoughts on the point of what I consider to a good defense.
While you are ordering not you, but someone orders the inspector general to make an investigation
find out whether they shine, walk in front of a Jeep or behind a Jeep,
because if he shines shine down town or not, I would think this is rather important.
Do you think you can find out who made the decision to put out the swanly chart?
Yes, the moment.
To help?
I object to the use of the red folic chart.
I have no choice.
The Jackson will be required in the record.
I need to check if this model is not very well before the chart is rolled down here.
Which model, sir?
Did you still be sure to move through the world?
I believe Mr. Walsh saw them, yes, but I'm not sure that.
He didn't just approve of them.
I don't know if so whether he did or not.
I think the point was, other way, is there's any question about it, Mr. Walsh?
Very busy man.
I only handle a few of those.
The mind of jobs on this thing.
How many people do Mr. Walsh never even told the over the Pentagon right now?
I am working as a military assistant, you might say.
I have three other officers from the Judge Advocate General's car that assist me.
I think we have seen them all in here.
I have a captain in the AG who keeps track of our records, stays back there.
And I believe we have five semaphors.
The right to my first fan, Pierre.
We search for the police.
The list of the men.
That's men.
No, I don't give any others anybody except the both of us.
I understand, Mr. Chairman, could you give me some estimate?
The number of people who are working on this project, you say Mr. Walsh is very busy man.
I wonder how many people are handling his work over the point.
Well, I've listed the groups that are handling the work that's necessary for the case.
I must say that I don't want to emphasize my part.
Mr. Walsh prepares most of his own case himself.
I don't think he understood the question.
How many people are calling you in an audience?
My working now, the National Minister Walsh, Mr. Steven, Mr. Adam, with you,
or anything else in the military information within Syria.
Well, I think about 10 or 12, as I just have outlined to you, sir.
I don't know what you both are.
Yes, sir. I'm over time.
You know, sir.
Yes.
Sir, sir, you say that the blanks are going to get the points to the...
Sir, sir.
Yes.
You say the blanks are going to get the points to the panel for this.
All of the applications I have worked on this one.
Well, you say that the blanks are going to be the ones that are going to get the points to the panel of the typical graph.
I believe that you have to read the legend to understand what the chart represents.
The typical authorized actions, since there's no attempt to make any phone calls,
writing things up type on it.
Or now only, on the time reports, give them a case phone call, right?
Phone call.